Improvements to Node.js profiler troubleshooting docs (#28629)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/profiler/enabling/nodejs.md

4. Optional: Set up [Source Code Integration][4].

> 5. A minute or two after starting your Node.js application, your profiles will show up on the [APM > Profiler page][5]. Consult the [Troubleshooting][9] page if they do not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. A minute or two after starting your Node.js application, your profiles will appear on the [APM > Profiler page][5]. If they do not, refer to the [Troubleshooting][9] guide.
```
